(ethereal music)
There was a bright,
brilliant, white figure
reflected in the windshield of the car.
And I had the assurance that
everything was gonna be alright.
He said, I'm going to be with you
for a long time, I've
I've known you for all your life
and I've been your guardian angel all of your life.
I looked back up
and the face was still there
and it was a warm feeling that the eyes were giving me.
And instead of being frightened, I knew it was okay.
The angel
who was present in that room touched me,
and that made all the difference.
At that moment, I just felt
peace, and the thoughts quit going through my head
all at once, and it was just
one of the most wonderful feelings I've ever had.
Angel's don't want the attention on them
they want us focused beyond them.
And it's that angelic presence that binds us
into one anothers' lives
then we become so much more open
to each other.
Yes I do, I definitely do.
Well sure, I mean you know, what else?
Sure I believe in them.
I gotta believe something's looking out for me.
Yes, I do.
Yes.
Sure I believe in 'em.
No, I don't.
If it had not been for angels,
I wouldn't even be alive today.
During the time my father was ill,
in the hospital... she appeared to me
and stayed with me the entire time he was ill
and the day he died, she disappeared.
There's been too many times in my past,
or possibly in your own past where,
very frankly, you've made it out of some scrapes
somebody had to been watching over you.
I been at crossroads in my life,
or in danger and they've just been there
to protect me
They're sort of like messengers
and they may even carry secrets of
the most inner part of the heart.
It's a little bit like believing in ghosts I guess.
I just, never seen one, never met one.
So I have no other way to believe in 'em.
For an example, my dad
when I was 11 years old he was in an accident.
He had an extensive brain injury.
He stayed unconscious for a little over a year
in Phoenix, Arizona in the hospital.
But he says when he woke up, there was an angel
that was at the foot of his bed and the thing
about it is when he woke up
he had been laying there
and they had been rolling him in sheets
to keep down bed sores and what have you
and he had lost weight, he was just a skeleton you might say
and that day he got up out of that bed
and walked to the bathroom by hisself.
My name is Pam Kidd.
While doing research for my magazine assignment
on the subject of angels,
I came to one undeniable conclusion
angel believers are all around.
In fact a recent Time Magazine article
announced that 69% of Americans believe
that angels exist.
And 46% of the population are convinced
that they have their own guardian angel.
Well actually, if you take a look at the big picture
angels have been a part of people's lives
in every age across the planet.
And respected authorities like John Ronner
author of two best selling angel books
have discovered something through extensive research.
In 1990 it was a Gallup poll showing that
13% of respondents felt that they had encountered
an angel or some other supernatural being
and that's a lot of people there
that's over 30 million people if you
extrapolate that out to the population
six times the population
of my home state of Tennessee.
And many polls just like this
the thing that is intriguing about this is
the polls are unanimous
they don't deviate one from the other
they all indicate that a substantial minority of us
are having these experiences.
And if we go back just 150 years in our culture,
it was perfectly okay to talk about these things.
Our great-grandparents knew about this kind of thing
very well and would talk about this
and families would discuss visitations with the deceased
and what happened to Grandpa on his deathbed
and how he said that he saw a light
and saw Grandma coming to him
in those last few moments and so on.
Then we went through a period I suppose
into this century where it just became
not so respectable to talk about these things
and they were dismissed and people thought
that these were old wives' tales and superstitions.
I think what's happening rather than it being a fad
is that we are reconnecting with a
critical part of ourselves that we have been
cut off from in western civilization.
We interpret it to be a discovery
well it's really not, it's a rediscovery.
These things are part and parcel
of being a human being.
And people have had spiritual experiences
as long as there have been people.
Like most issues of faith,
believing that a supreme being has devised
this marvelous scheme that shadows
each of us with a caring sponsor
patron, messenger, guide,
whatever you might call your angel
it's something you have to simply believe.
A short run through history can't help
but reinforce and refresh the angel believers confidence
on the subject.
From the beginning,
artist's brush and sculptor's chisel
were expressing this age old angel notion.
If you doubt their prevalence look around
try conducting your own angel search.
When my husband and I had a chance to visit
several countries a few years ago
I used my camera for a private angel hunt.
I found them on fountains,
atop street signs, on the facades of public buildings
on the door posts of private homes
angels everywhere.
Remarkable, the lengths we go to depict angels
when so few of us have seen angels
face to face.
Or is it really that rare?
Alive today, who have actually
looked into the eye of an angel?
Steve Hooper suffering from
a severe and painful blood disorder
awoke one night to an unexpected visitor
The room was just filled with a light
the brightest, whitest light
I've ever seen in my life.
And at the foot of the bed
was a figure... it was a man
had shoulder length hair
I could not make out
any other features of the face.
But the warmth filled the room
the love filled the room it filled my body
I could just feel it all through me
working all through me.
I could actually see the wings,
they were folded against the back
and stood about a foot
above the top of his head
The only thing he spoke to me was
I am the angel of mercy.
The next morning I asked my wife
did you see her or hear anything strange
in the middle of the night?
And she says no, did the dog wake you again?
And I said, no.
She seemed to be okay, but did you
see or feel or hear anything besides that?
She said she hadn't.
I said don't worry about my iron test
coming up next month,
I know it's gonna be okay.
I've had the reassurance that everything is fine.
And it was.
Steve's next blood test came back normal.
Which according to his doctor was a near miracle.
Office Randy Salazar found himself
in a terrible moral dilemma.
A situation where the lives of an entire room
full of innocent people depended on what he did next.
The doctor said, take the handcuffs off the prisoner.
And I told the doctor, I said, he's...
I've had problems with this guy
he's very combative, I don't want to.
He says, I'm the doctor you take the handcuffs off.
I said okay, so I took the handcuffs off this man.
The doctor was examining him
and then he went through a series of questions
to see how coherent he was.
One of the questions was,
What is today?
And the prisoner said, today is Monday.
And right then I looked in the prisoner's eyes
and I said, and today is the day I kill you.
But I said it in my mind, I didn't say it
where you could hear it.
And I'm wondering, why did I say that?
Then, later on my partner arrived
and we're there on the prisoner
and he's being very combative.
And then my partner and I heard a tray of dishes
or something fall down the hallway.
And we turned our faces to look to see what it was
and at that point the prisoner jumped off the gurney
and grabbed my partner around the waist.
And at first I didn't think he saw his
gun that he had stuck in his belt
but he felt the gun and he pulled the gun out.
I had no alternative but to pull my weapon
and I, as soon as my partner
and the prisoner fell to the floor
I saw the gun pointed straight towards my
partner's chest and I told Bob Russell, I said,
Bob, get out of the way
and I fired one shot into the abdomen of the prisoner
he fell back, with the gun in his hand
and, much to my amazement he sat back up
still and he pointed the gun at me.
I stepped one step over to get out of the way
But there, remember there's other people in this room
and I'm thinking if he gets a shot off
he's gonna kill somebody.
At that point, I stood back
and cocked the hammer back on my weapon
and this image appeared on the wall
and stated in a clear voice
aimed at center that way you'll hit something
if you miss a little bit so I
I pointed my gun and I shot the man
right through the, shot him through the heart.
After the shooting
Salazar was naturally in agony over what had happened.
He went to his mother's and his father's house
to try to get some sort of comfort.
And I stepped out and I took a few steps
towards their walkway that led up to the front door.
I noticed something out of the corner of my eye.
And at first I thought it was a light
like a fluorescent light which was above the fence.
And above this fence that was, that's
seven to eight feet high, there was a face
And there was this face that was looking at me
very distinct, the eyes, nose, mouth and everything
very pleasant and it was just looking at me
and as I walked slowly towards the door
the eyes of this face followed me.
And I blinked and I stopped two-thirds of the way up
to see if I was just you know, thinking this in my mind
And it could not have been a person
standing behind that fence because
the face itself from the chin to the top of the head
was at least 18 to 20 inches.
So it was a very large face
but it was, like I said it emanated a warm feeling
and it's like, your mother embracing you
holding you and saying it's gonna be okay.
(exhales)
Everything's okay.
A few days later when I was looking through the Bible
I had come across a passage in the Bible which says
He who sees the face of God will be saved.
My oldest daughter, Sarah, had a visit from her
guardian angel.
This all started about a year ago,
when we had a break in, in our home
and Sarah was home from school
so she was home alone when the intruders came in.
When I found Sarah she was hogtied, she was tied
her hands to her feet and she appeared to have amnesia.
This amnesia just left me, without anything.
I lost my life and I didn't feel like
I had anything to live for.
Because I didn't even get to remember
the experience that I had.
It was really kinda sad, you know
I didn't know what to expect
you know when I went over to see her that night.
Before this accident we had grown kind of apart.
We hadn't really talked much anymore
and after this, she just became my closest friend
she'd come over, she would help me learn again
she would help me with my math and writing.
Because I had to relearn those things all over again.
One month, after the crime was committed.
Sarah fell down and had what appeared to be a
seizure, it looked like a grand mal type seizure.
Sarah had been diagnosed as suffering from
Dissociative Amnesia.
A form of Post-traumatic Stress Disorder.
And it was during the subsequent seizures
that the terrifying details of the crime
returned to Sarah's memory.
I saw,
some pant legs and feet or
someone was standing there and they were holding a crowbar
trying to open my window.
The people came up on the roof
and they took a crowbar and hit the window frame
to cause these cam locks to fall.
I became completely hysterical
I tried to dial my mom's work, the line was busy
so I tried to run downstairs
and see if there was any keys in the house
and my sister had taken the last set.
So I was deadbolted in and I figured the only other thing
I could do is go upstairs in my parents room
because they had some loaded guns
and if it came to that that's all I would have.
When I got to the hallway upstairs
I noticed I didn't hear anything else
I didn't hear any footsteps or noises or talking
and I figured that they had seen me
run down the stairs and they left.
I went to go look out the window
to see if I could see a car leaving or something
and that's when two guys jumped out of my closet.
The bigger one that seemed to be in charge
grabbed a pillow, put the pillow on my head
in order to smother me.
I did get out from under the pillow at that point
and when my head moved back I saw
that the bigger guy had a tattoo on his arm.
When he realized that I did see that tattoo
he became enraged
and he hit me
in the head and I fell over
and that's the point when I died.
After I left my body I found myself
waking up underneath a tree
and in a place that
seemed to be the best place
that anybody could ever be.
This is a place I call heaven this is a place
that I would definitely
want to spend eternity.
As I began to look around I saw
a figure approaching me
and it turned out to be a good friend of mine.
And he had passed away four days before,
Brian walked up to me
and simply explained to me
what was happening to me
and he said I was gonna be okay and I was gonna be spared.
For a certain reason, I had something to do.
He said he had someone to introduce to me,
shortly after, someone else walked up
and we got closer, it was a tall man in a white suit
and a white top hat who spoke with a British accent
and he said I'm going to be with you
for a long time.
I've known you all your life and I've been your
guardian angel all of your life.
He said he didn't want me to be afraid
because what was happening to me would be okay
cause I wasn't gonna, I wasn't dying
I was gonna...
I would have to go back
and then he told me I was brought there to rest.
And to gain the courage and energy to go on
and finish what I was supposed to finish.
Seemed like everything started to kind of fade out
and then I was back in my room before I knew it.
When I woke up again my dog was licking me on the face
and I didn't know
where I was or who I was
or how I got there and why I was tied up.
I saw the phone cord runnin' right across my face
it was sitting up on the bed and I was on the floor.
I pulled the cord with my teeth.
And the phone fell on the floor
and it got knocked off the hook so I could use it.
I pressed redial because I figured maybe somebody knew me.
And before I could panic I needed to get some help.
When it pressed redial it dialed my mom's work
cause that's who I called before the people came in.
My mom's boss answered and she talked to me
tried to figure out who I was and she couldn't tell
so she got on the loud speaker and told all her employees
that there was a kid on the phone who was in a pink bedroom
tied up and there was a lot of teddy bears around.
My mom knew that was my room
so she raced home.
Something occurred while in the presence
of the psychologist who had been making regular visits
to Sarah's home to help her regain her memory.
My psychologist she was trying to calm me down
cause nobody else really could.
I was to the point where I wasn't even listening to anybody
I was just rocking back and forth
and trying to sing to myself.
While I was talking to her a light appeared
and it appeared as a circular shape
and then it came down to be a long oval.
And that was George.
Immediately I just stopped crying
and Sharon just seemed amazed, she said,
How come you calmed down so quickly?
And I said, well he says I'm gonna be okay.
He's gonna take care of me now.
Sarah's guardian angel
who became fondly known as George
helped in Sarah's emotional healing
and reached out to touch the lives
of her family and friends.
In the next few minutes I was laughing
I had just completely forgotten about
any worries that I had
and in the next few minutes he says,
you need to take care of your sister,
she's amazed and very upset
by what happened to you.
I said okay, I came downstairs
and she was almost as bad off as I was before.
So he had come down there with her
I guess, so, and...
she sat over on this coffee table
in our living room.
She just kind of looked at me
and I looked over at her, but I didn't stop crying
it just made me worse, looking at her
and she told me to put my hand over on a
certain place on the couch.
Didn't know why, but I did it
and at that moment I just felt peace
and the thoughts quit going through my head all at once
and it was just one of the most
wonderful feelings I've ever had.
So she just looked at my mom,
and I'm sure my mom was puzzled.
My mother looked at me
as if to be in question
and I told her to sit down
and I said,
I have an angel
and he's gonna be with me for a while
he's gonna help us get through this.
And she just said, well okay.
And I said, he says,
he says he's been with me for a long time
since I was a baby
and then I started laughing.
And she said, why are you laughing?
And I said, well he says that,
when I was a little kid I used to laugh at him
because he had this big hat that he always had to
push out of his eyes
and she started to cry.
And Mark and I looked at each other
and I started crying because there was a time
when she was two and three years old
when she would laugh a lot
and we'd peak in her room and say,
what are you laughing at and she'd say,
the man with the big hat comes
and makes me laugh all the time.
And she would draw pictures of him
and we were just floored by it
we, you know, we
then I began to think
well something is really going on here.
I think we've probably always known intellectually
that children have an innate spirituality.
But I don't think that it's become anything really concrete
at least it certainly wasn't for me
until recently when I began getting these letters
and I was just in awe
of what was being described here.
And that's how I began to hear stories
about imaginary friends.
Now pediatricians have known for years
that children create these things,
they need a friend because they're lonely
because their older brothers and sisters
have gone to school and so they'll have somebody
named Margie who will come
and sit at the dinner table with them or something.
And everyone kind of patiently pats them on the head
and thinks well this will be over soon
as soon as they get older.
It will be over soon but I think that the Margies
might actually be angels that are with them for a time
and then as that veil between heaven and earth
begins to descend
farther and farther down and children get older
and move farther and farther away from their heavenly roots
they don't see these things anymore.
They were bringing something of heaven to earth
for a short period.
George's desire to heal
did not limit itself to Sarah.
Debbie and Sarah and Helen came over
after George had appeared to Sarah
and we were sitting around the kitchen table visiting
and it was just kind of an awesome experience to
begin with cause we would talk to Sarah
and ask her questions and of George
and George would respond and it was just
it was really an exciting period anyway
or time or event but when
we were sitting there at the table
Sarah, you could tell she was listening to George
and she'd kind of look off and she kinda nodded her head
and she said Annie come here
and they got up and left the table
and went into Annie's room and closed the door.
She had done so much for me
and I had asked her is there anything
that I can possibly do
to let you know how much I appreciate you.
She said is it possible that you could
heal me of my sickness
she's constantly sick all the time
with allergies and she's had pneumonia a couple of times
and asthma
just everything you can name.
The last two years she's
seemed to have gotten worse as far as the fatigue goes
and was actually on Homebound through school
she couldn't even make it at school.
And this lasted for about a year and a half
she would be sick with bronchitis
she'd be well for about a week or so,
not well but she wouldn't have the bronchitis
so she would still be extremely tired.
And I called George into her room
and we just sat and talked for awhile
just to get her comfortable with him
and George said, tell her to put her hand beside her.
And she did, and he put his hand on hers
and I said let's just pray and we did.
Sarah told me everything he was gonna do
and to just relax and he did it
and he just you know put his hand on me
and I don't know what he did or what he said
or how he did it but you know
all I know is, he put his hand on me
and then it became
better very quickly.
The Homebound teachers
that had worked with her was just like well...
especially one in particular, Myra
she had tears in her eyes and just was,
What? What happened? I mean you know, this is just wonderful
she's doing so great and I could just look at her
with tears in my eyes and say it's been a miracle
because it has been,
it's been an incredible miracle.
When Sarah was fully recovered
George prepared her for his departure.
George said, since you're awake
why don't you come in here
and bring some paper and a pencil?
I said okay, I will.
And I thought we were gonna play a game,
and so I went into another room
brought my paper and pencil
and he told me to write down everything that he said.
"You must see that everyone within your reach
"hears about what happened to you, all of it,
"you must open their eyes and give them hope.
"Dedicate your soul to healing people
"simply by talking and letting everyone know
"how the world is changing.
"You'll begin to get responses,
"ideas will come, solutions to problems will appear
"and the people will send you letters suggesting
"and supporting you.
"Some people will be negative but these are the people
"that are harder to reach.
"Don't let them discourage you.
"You have proven to be strong and your family as well.
"I know you can get through this
"and when you do,
"you'll come out even more strong than before.
"You're the mouth that they will hear
"because you are a child... a child of God
"and a child who can bring hope to God's people.
"Please stay peaceful and one with God."
I have to thank him,
as I have to thank God,
that he...
did for Sarah
so many things that for a time
I could not do.
And she told me George was gone
and I was, it was like a death
of someone in the immediate family
it was like a death of somebody that I had been
close to all my life.
And I didn't know whether I was
feeling all the pain for Sarah
and thinking how she must feel, just devastated.
And, or whether it was just my own, you know, self
missing his presence and knowing that
he wouldn't be around the same way anymore.
I think everybody has their own personal
guardian angel.
And it's really amazing to think that there's
somebody just for me
somebody that God sent just for me.
That's what I always think if I ever fell down.
A noticeable side effect in those
whose lives have been touched by an angel
is a profound change in their sense of priorities.
I just feel like Sarah's had a glimpse
of something the rest of us haven't
and so it's changed the way she
looks at everything and everybody.
She sees what's really important.
Faith is the one thing that people should have
and you can't just
get faith by seeing something and then believing it.
You have to
You have to have doubts first
and then come through
and you have to learn by other things and...
Trust is another part of faith.
Just like the Bible,
you have to believe, you have to believe the Word of God,
you can't go up to 'em and say
well how do I know this is true?
What are you gonna give me?
What are you gonna show me?
This is... a world now that people have to receive something
before they believe anything.
Everything revolves around
what you're gonna get before you give anything.
And I think it should be the other way around.
We wanna be happy doing things together
not gaining things together, you know
it's not the house, not the car,
money, but it's how many wonderful
good times can we have together?
We're not here simply to
to see, you know, how many dollars we can make,
"He who dies with the most toys wins."
We're not to be like the Pharaohs,
you know, amassing treasures
and then baring it all with ourselves,
there's something more to this life.
This one philosopher said,
there's a God-shaped hole in each of us
and it can only be filled with God.
And what happens is, I think.
We try to fill it with a lot of other things,
we've had decades you know
maybe from the early 60s when we took God out of everything
we didn't need Him in our schools anymore,
we weren't going to pray to Him in public,
God was reserved for Sunday mornings,
if you wanted to even make the effort.
And we were a stalwart people,
we were a proud people
we didn't need to be on our knees.
And that evolved into a culture of drugs,
that was where we were going to find our God
and immorality and then that went into
a culture of the "Me generation"
and then that kind of went into a culture of
materialism and acquiring things
and through all of this our hearts
have become more and more empty.
That God-shaped hole that we've tried to fill
with all these other things has become
more and more wounded.
It's really no accident that materialism
is on the wane.
That the leading thinkers,
the intellectual movers and shakers of our culture
are changing their minds in mass
and coming around to the idea
that we don't live in a big machine
that's cold and has no connection with us
but we do live in a spiritual universe.
It's happening because there are developments
coming out of science itself
you have the anthropic principle which
indicates to us that we live in a universe
that appears to have been designed
by an invisible hand a universe that
has resulted in us being here
against incredible odds.
You have the Gaia hypothesis
which indicates that the very planet that we live on
and all of its' functioning systems that keep us alive
are here against incredible odds.
You have quantum physics
which shows us that our basic reality
the reality that our world is based on
down there at that little sub-atomic level
is a never never land
a place where consciousness shapes reality and determines it
where reality is not where matter is not
supreme indeed, matter in a very real sense
has no existence apart from consciousness
apart from the observer looking at it.
Quantum physics
alternate reality
pretty difficult concepts for some of us to grasp.
But there are stories too of angels taking human form
and others of humans who seem to somehow be
promoted to angel status for a brief period.
John Griffith, suffering from
a case of angina was instructed by his doctor
to be tested by a cardiologist.
And, he came out from the angiogram with a very
somber expression on his face
and he said, I have some news for you
that you're not gonna like to hear.
He says, you have five blockages
in your arteries and you have an aneurysm in the aorta.
And he said, you're not to leave the hospital until
we have surgery.
The surgery didn't go as well as expected.
I was supposed to be out in three to five days
and I saw three roommates had passed through
my room before I was able to leave.
And I continued to have problems.
Blood clots and a feeling of total disorientation
and I just, things weren't right.
Doctors said we're gonna have to keep testing
and find out what's wrong.
Over the next 18 months,
I had six surgeries and I didn't feel
like I was ever going to leave that hospital
I felt that
this was gonna be the termination
of my ministry, termination of my life.
And, the doctor came in
and he said,
we've done all we can do.
That, there's nothing more we can do
but turn it over to your body
and let your body work on it.
I wasn't comfortable with that and so I
I started praying... the room got very quiet
very still
and the head nurse came in.
She had been in to see me
every 15 to 20 minutes
and she stood alongside of me
and she said, I could remember her words so clearly.
She said, just relax
She said, I know everything will be all right.
And she put her hand on my right arm
and began to stroke it
and she said, you will be okay.
We're in control of what's happening to you.
And I began to feel warm
a sense of wholeness came over me.
And I didn't hear any other voices
other than hers, was saying and reassuring me
that everything was gonna be all right.
And after a period of I don't know how long
it was a very short time
she said I'm gonna go call the doctor.
I want the doctor to come in and look at you
and so the doctor came in and
and he said, I don't know what's happened
but, he said, you've made a sudden turn.
And he said, I think you've passed the crisis.
And I said, well, I knew that too.
And he said, how did you know that?
And I said, because the angel touched me.
And he laughed and he said, what do you mean?
And I said, no,
the angel who was present in my room touched me
and that made all the difference.
It was the nurse who had touched me.
And after I began to feel stronger, she
I told her what had happened
and she said, you mean you thought I was an angel?
And I said, no,
I knew you were an angel.
And that God was working through you
to bring me back from wherever I was headed.
And she was kind of overwhelmed by it all
and she said, I've never had this experience before.
And I said, well I can assure you I never have either.
(laughs)
But I said, I believe very strongly that
you were God's angel for me
and I will forever thank you,
for what you've done.
An angel speaks,
a human listens and responds
maybe we should all learn to listen more carefully
to these messengers of God.
But what about those other messages?
Those sudden inclinations to do something bad?
We can't escape the truth
the presence of evil seems to be alive and well
across the face of the earth.
Just where are the good angels in all of this?
People wonder if there are indeed angels
who are here protecting us why then do we have
such..such things as children who starve to death
and events like the Holocaust
how could these things happen when angels are
supposed to protect us and to watch over us?
I'd like to remind us of something very simple
and that that is that this is an evil that human beings
inflict upon one another.
So I guess when we ask that kind of a question
what we're doing in a sense is we're making
a judgement about God.
You know, what kind of a God
would permit this kind of thing to happen?
And in this case you're asking also
the question about angels.
How could angels permit this to be?
And yet, I wonder if in the long run
we ourselves as humans will not also
have to face that same judgement.
How could we as human beings let these kinds of things
be happening in our world.
What if nothing bad ever happened?
What if everything was perfect?
There was never any bad people no negativity
Everybody had just enough money no crimes happened,
everything would be handed to
you wouldn't learn anything.
Nobody would learn anything,
you wouldn't have to work for anything.
And I believe that that's why we're here is just
simply a stopping point
for a school if you will
and sometimes bad things have to happen
but there will... something good will come out of that.
We are here to love one another
and to learn the ways of peace.
If God were to intervene directly
say to directly send an angel to put
food into a child's mouth that is
not teaching us that we have a responsibility
to that child, if that child is to be fed
it's to come from our hands.
Angels don't want the attention on them.
They want us focused beyond them
their pointing to heaven
and they're disappearing, they're saying,
that's where the peace is coming from,
that's where you have to start.
So you've got to put God back
and then everything else will make sense
and everything else will flow from that.
So angels aren't looking
for praise or adoration.
Some remarkable insights on this subject
are offered by Betty Eadie
whose book, Embraced by The Light,
is a best-seller.
Betty wrote the book following
an extensive near death experience
where she picked up some definite opinions
about an angel's place in human affairs.
But don't focus on angels.
If you focus on angels
you are short changing yourself.
Many people have come up to me
and they said, Betty I wanna learn how to
get in contact with my angels.
Why?
Why do you want to learn who the messenger is?
Learn who God is.
I don't even know who my angels are.
I don't remember their names.
I don't try to know what their names are,
I just know that they're there.
I want my relationship to be pure
and anything that you put between you
and God
will put a distance, a space.
Don't put angels there.
So again, angels seem to be God's messengers
a link, offered between heaven and earth,
as they've always been.
As in the great stories of the past,
many believe that angels continue to play
an important role in our world's unfolding.
Chances are that there are members of
your immediate family circle who
have had these experiences,
friends, undoubtedly people at the work place
if you have-- at all
but they're out there, you just don't know it.
Because people are reluctant to
to tell these stories out in public
for fear of ridicule.
Now we're opening up to an era
where potentially we won't
have to depend on the belief,
disbelief thing anymore.
That now we can talk openly
about our spiritual experiences.
It helped me a great deal, talking to other people
and share with them what had happened to us
and they would say, it's all right,
we've had a similar experience, you're not crazy.
I can remember how I felt
when I first began to seriously entertain the idea that
a spiritual realm exists.
Because I had been an agnostic,
I thought the physical was all there was,
I thought the universe was just a big, cold, dead,
random machine that came into being by accident
and we're just little cogs
and it doesn't make any difference what happens
what we do, you know we're here for a few
brief moments on the stage
and then we make our exit into oblivion.
And suddenly I began coming across circumstantial evidence
not scientific proof, but circumstantial evidence
that that was not the case.
That we live in a universe of purpose
a universe of intelligence
and a universe that seems, appears to have been planned
by an unseen hand.
This is more than just a subject to dwell on
and pass on because if this is true
if angels really do exist then a spiritual realm exists
and we have a purpose and a plan
that says something to us.
Faith.
That all sums it up, without that
you can't get anywhere.
Being able to yield myself
to the governing of God
is the empowerment that an angelic presence gives to me.
To be able to believe that God is so concerned about
me and you and all of us
that God comes presently into each of our lives
and if we're open enough to receive that presence
then we become so much more open to each other.
And it's that angelic presence that binds us
into one another's lives and we're whole
and at peace.
And might the angels'
final and finest message be
you are not alone.
No matter where you travel
or where you end your days,
Could it be that an angel hovers ever near?
Ever offering the great peace
that comes with believing.
(ethereal music)